add guidelines for testing using minio (#239)
giantswarm/loki-app: README.md

* Install the app using your values.

### Deploying on a new cluster for testing purposes

> You might find yourself in a situation where you want to deploy loki on a new cluster for testing purposes only. Depending on the testing requirements, you might need or want to avoid to create object storage with a cloud-provider and manage its access permissions for your loki pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might find yourself in a situation where you want to deploy Loki on a new cluster for testing purposes only. Depending on the testing requirements, you might need to avoid creating an object storage with a cloud-provider and manage its access permissions for your Loki pods.
```

> Then you should consider deploying Loki with [minIO](https://min.io/) as an object storage solution. To put it in a nutshell, `minIO` is an object storage solution with a S3-like API which uses the nodes' volumes to store its data. Thus, when used for testing purposes, one can mock an S3 bucket behavior to have quick and simple object storage access for loki without the need for complex access permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you should consider deploying Loki with [MinIO](https://min.io/) as an object storage solution. To put it in a nutshell, `MinIO` is an object storage solution with a S3-like API which uses the nodes' volumes to store its data. Thus, when used for testing purposes, one can mock an S3 bucket behavior to have quick and simple object storage access for Loki without the need for complex access permissions.
```

The good news is that the loki chart directly provides a `minio` field where one can configure a `minio` deployment to serve as object storage for the loki pods. Such a configuration is displayed in the `sample_configs/values-eks-testing.yaml` file.

> #### Creating access keys for minio access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Creating access keys for MinIO access
```

> Once Loki is deployed alongside a minio deployment, one will have to create a key pair in the minio console to grant access to the buckets to the loki pods. To achieve this, one will first have to port-forward the adequate service :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Loki is deployed with MinIO, one will have to create a key pair in the MinIO console to grant Loki pods access to the buckets. To achieve this, one will first have to port-forward the adequate service :
```
